In this preview, I have set up a basic web page. At the top are the words “The Rwandan Genocide: 100 Days of Silence”. This is the name of the documentary my team and I created in 2018. Below are placeholders for 3 images. I plan to update this to have actual pictures from the genocide. The beauty of a documentary, especially about an event, lies within being able to show your audience what happened and have them be able to witness and experience it in a way, even if they were not there or were not alive when it was happening. Visuals are key, and to me are the driving force of a documentary. So, I want to include a few images to guide the viewer’s eyes there first. These images will essentially act as a “preview” of their own: if you are visiting the page and have no idea what the Rwandan Genocide was, you should be able to get an immediate idea of what you’re about to learn and view through the images. Below the placeholders I have embedded the actual documentary itself from YouTube. This webpage’s purpose is both to teach people about the Rwandan genocide and about similar modern-day genocides/ human rights abuses, and also showcase a project that took nearly an entire school year to create. Below the documentary are two buttons. Currently, these buttons do not lead to anywhere. However, once they are completed, they will each serve as a means to access other resources. As the names indicate, one will direct viewers to information about modern day genocides, and the other will direct viewers to information about human rights abuses in general that are not taking place in the form of a genocide, but have the potential to boil down to that. Essentially, it will list warning signs of a genocide, info about human rights abuses, official definitions, and examples of places/events that are abusing human rights. I am hoping to be able to also eventually put in a sidebar so viewers can navigate easily. 
